---
draft: false
publishDate: 2024-12-30
version: 1.0.0
type: "Feature"
---

## Features for the Version 1.0.0

The enchant's configurator is now stable, no bugs should appear.

#### Added Features

- Every actions you performed are now stored in the datapack/mods content. This
  feature allows you to migrate your configuration from one version of the pack
  to another.
- And these data are also sent to an external server, this feature make possible
  balancing for the main content.
- Added a "settings" button in the sidebar, which allows to modify the name of
  the datapack/mods, as well as a button to "Minify" the code (A practice that
  empties by removing spaces, comments, and other useless elements, which
  lightens the content).
- Added a "Non-Combinable" tab which allows to manage the enchantments which
  cannot be combined together.
- Added a "Donation" section to allow to join Patreon.
- texts are modified, to be more clear, and give more informations.
- The "Counter" component now allows to specify the value of your choice as a
  text.

#### Technical Features

- The system which manages the translation of English and French is now managed
  by the configurator engine, previously Astro sent the translations by the DOM
  to React. And this was not optimal for the bandwidth, and for the development.
- The home page is displayed instantly.
- The "context" and everything related to React is now removed from the
  configurator engine, this allows to move the code to an external dependency,
  since it is entirely written in pure TypeScript.
- The react contexts have been moved to a "store" zustand.
- Actions/Conditions are now in lowercase.
- Implementation of unit tests for each aspect of the configurator.
- The code is also lighter, and easier to maintain.
